fix(docs): Update link to NPM install info (#13819)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/apis/nerdgraph/examples/browser-monitoring-config-nerdgraph.mdx

## Retrieve the application configuration [#retrieve-app-config]

> You can retrieve the browser application configuration to use with the [npm package installation method](https://github.com/newrelic/newrelic-browser-agent#adding-the-agent-package-to-your-project). Depending on your needs, the configuration can be returned in two different formats: a JSON encoded string for injection into the `head` element of your webpage and an object that can be used as is in your application source code.

Author: ```suggestion
You can retrieve the browser application configuration to use with the [npm package installation method](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@newrelic/browser-agent). Depending on your needs, the configuration can be returned in two different formats: a JSON encoded string for injection into the `head` element of your webpage and an object that can be used as is in your application source code.
```
